Add section on yt_idv (#165)
yt-project/yt-4.0-paper: content/35.viz_and_volrendering.md

To support more interactive visualization (in addition to that described in @sec:jupyter_integration) a basic system for conducting hardware-accelerate, OpenGL-based visualization of `yt`-supported data has been developed in an external package, [`yt_idv`](https://github.com/yt-project/yt_idv/).
`yt_idv` is built on `PyOpenGL` and provides support for grid-based, particle-based and finite element datasets, with a heavy emphasis on the grid-based datasets.
While the process of volume rendering is interesting, with many different fascinating areas of inquiry and opportunities for optimization, `yt_idv` is notable for its architecture more than its algorithms and optimization.

`yt_idv` is built using the Traitlets library, and utilizes the immediate-mode graphical user interface system "Dear ImGUI" for presentign a user interface.
This allows for the system to be largely data-driven; frame redraws are only executed when a parameter changes (such as the camera path, transfer function, etc) and new parameters for the visualization can be easily exposed to the user interface.
Furthermore, this allows shaders to be dynamically recompiled only as necessary.

> In addition to this, the shaders themselves are specified in a configuration file, and they are designed for interoperability.

Reviewer: Would be good to clarify that the shader code itself isn't in the yaml, e.g., : 

```suggestion
In addition to this, the shaders themselves are specified in a configuration file that links GLSL source files into multi-component shaders, allowing declarative construction of shader pipelines and improving interoperability.
```
